this is the most comprehensive un report
yet on what's happened since October the
7th the commission of inquiry chaired by
the former High Commissioner for human
rights nav pil says Hamas carried out
war crimes on that day but that did not
justify Israel's most brutal response
that Israeli authorities are responsible
for war crimes crimes against humanity
and violations of international
humanitarian and human rights law
including
extermination intentionally directing
attacks against civilians and civilian
objects murder or willful killing using
starvation as a method of War
palestine's Ambassador said the reports
findings clearly demonstrated Israel's
culpability there can be no
justification for targeting hospitals
schools or places of worship the
occupation forces know there are
children and women there and there is
often no notification to evacuate the
targeting of children women and the
elderly and disabled is a war
crime in an unusual move the Israeli
Ambassador gave up her speaking slot and
instead allowed me leim gonum whose
23-year-old daughter Romy is being held
in Gaza to address the chamber I believe
that we can do more for them we can do
better for them the hostages needs us
the world needs them please help me hug
my daughter again at a news conference
the members of the commission of inquiry
said they'd already shared 7,000 pieces
of evidence with the prosecutor at the
international criminal court
commissioner Chris sidote was asked
about Israel's claim it has the most
moral army in the world I don't have the
expertise and I don't have the authority
to make assessments of morality what I
do have in expertise in and what I do
have authority to do is make assessments
of criminal
conduct and we've done that in relation
to the recent events and you can see
that in the report and the only
conclusion you can draw is that the
Israeli Army is one of the most criminal
armies in the world the members of the
commission of inquiry say they are
overwhelmed by the enormity of the
situation in Gaza there's no end date to
their work so they will continue to
investigate and find evidence that could
potentially go before an international
Court James Bay Al jazer of the United
Nations in
Geneva make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer